Migrate Image component from Simorgh (#225)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-image/README.md

# psammead-image &middot; [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-image.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-image) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Description
The `psammead-image` component is a styled `img` element.

## Usage

```jsx
import Image from '@bbc/psammead-image';

const Wrapper = (src, alt, width, height) => (
  <Image src={src} alt={alt} width={width} height={height} />
);
```

## Accessibility notes

> This component requires an alt tag to give context of the image to users of Assistive Technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component requires an alt property to describe the image. This alt text is read by users of Assistive Technology, and indeed by anybody whose internet connection is so slow the browser decides to render the text instead of the image.

Some images are purely presentational - even in these cases, an `alt` attribute must be passed, but the value would be an empty string "".
```

# psammead-image &middot; [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-image.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-image) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Description
The `psammead-image` component is a styled `img` element.

## Usage

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend adding a table of props 
```md

| Prop    | Description     |
| ------- | --------------- |
| `alt`  | . |
| `height`   | . |
| `src`   | . |
| `width` | . |
```

```jsx
import Image from '@bbc/psammead-image';

const Wrapper = (src, alt, width, height) => (
  <Image src={src} alt={alt} width={width} height={height} />
);
```

## Accessibility notes

> This component requires an alt property to describe the image. This alt text is read by users of Assistive Technology, and indeed by anybody whose internet connection is so slow the browser decides to render the text instead of the image.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This component requires an alt property to describe the image. This alt text is crucial for users of Assistive Technology, and by any user whose internet connection is so slow the browser decides to render the text instead of the image.
```

> Some images are purely presentational - even in these cases, an `alt` attribute must be passed, but the value would be an empty string "".

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Some images are purely presentational - in these cases, an `alt` attribute must still be passed, but the value would be an empty string: `""`.
```

# psammead-image &middot; [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-image.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-image) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Description
The `psammead-image` component is a styled `img` element.

## Usage

```jsx
import Image from '@bbc/psammead-image';

const Wrapper = (src, alt, width, height) => (
  <Image src={src} alt={alt} width={width} height={height} />
);
```

| Prop     | Type          |
|:---------|:--------------|
| `alt`    | string        |
| `height` | number/string |
| `src`    | string        |
| `width`  | number/string |

## Accessibility notes

> This component requires an alt property to describe the image. This alt text is crucial for users of Assistive Technology, and by any user whose internet connection is so slow the browser decides to render the text instead of the image.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 This component requires an `alt` property to describe the image. This `alt` text is crucial for users of Assistive Technology, and by any user whose internet connection is so slow the browser decides to render the text instead of the image.
```

Reviewer: Without the preceding space:

```suggestion
This component requires an `alt` property to describe the image. This `alt` text is crucial for users of Assistive Technology, and by any user whose internet connection is so slow the browser decides to render the text instead of the image.
```
